java c OpenGL Mini-Project Write a computer graphics animation using techniques that you have learnt. NOTE:

  Write an animation. The animation should   start   automatically without user   input.   Do   NOT write a game.
  Do NOT use OpenGL shader to program.   See “Bonus part” at the end   of   this   document.
  A PC in LI 6605 Laboratory will be used to mark your project. All PC in   the
laboratory has the same configuration. Make sure that your program can compile and run in a PC in the laboratory before handing in. 4. For help with PC in the laboratory, please contact Mr. W.K. Kan, AC1 B7540 and B7530, Tel: 3442 9933 Email:eewkkan@cityu.edu.hk)

 This is an individual project. Hand in a   folder (please   refer   to   5)   for hand   in   method)   with name “” ” (e.g. “Chan Tai   Man   51234567”).
Inside the folder, please include i) a subfolder named “ Source code without using AI” containing the C source code and ALL project files. All code in this folder should be written by yourself without the aid of any AI. Make sure that your program will run your Visual Studio Solution by “Local Windows Debugger” . ii) (OPTIONAL) a subfolder named “Source code with the aid of AI” containing the C source code and ALL project files. All code in this folder should be written by yourself without the aid of any AI. Make sure that your program will run your Visual Studio Solution by “Local Windows Debugger” . The animation should be an enhanced form of i) and should resemble i). Only that you have used AI to generate some code. You are not permitted to use prompt engineering to generate an animation from scratch. iii) a subfolder named “Report” containing the report in pdf format. 2) Report i) At most 15 pages describing your work. ii) (OPTIONAL) Describe how you have used AI to enhance your work. iii) Must contain a SWOT analysis of the use of AI. Refer to Assignments for the format required. iv) Include at the end of the report the following declaration: “I declare that every line of code is written by myself. If I have used AI to assist me, I have described how I have used it. I declare that I have not committed any plagiarism. Signed (sign with your digital signature here) ” For definition of plagiarism, please refer to the university document and Clarifications on Plagiarism below. To repeat, you are expected to write your own code. Copying and pasting of code written by others are not permitted. 2) The grade of the mini project will be determined by the overall quality of the animation. The following technical merits will also be considered: presence/absence of a) realistic hierarchical struc代 写OpenGL Mini-ProjectJava 代做程序编程语言tures b) realistic animation c) shadowing effect on plane d) texture mapping. 3) Students can read ahead the OpenGL part of i) Lecture 3 and 4 for a) ii) Lecture 6 for b) iii) Lecture 9 for c) iv) Lecture 10 for d) to implement the above when you have spare time. Notes on Animation Design: Students cannot hand in animation with the theme “Solar System” or “Rubix (Magic) Square” or “Pendulum” or “Dinosaur”, etc. identical to OpenGL open-source examples or textbook examples. In general, be creative, design your own scene, and avoid handing in some “standard” objects. Try to use all the techniques that you have learnt. Handing in scenes similar to examples in textbook, references or open-source teaching web pages will get very low or zero marks. Clarifications on PlagiarismThe purpose of the mini project is complementary learning to help you to understand the concepts and techniques learnt through lecture through learning by doing. According to this spirit: If you have used some utility functions, e.g. load texture function in gluax, it is ok and not considered plagiarism. You can also modify the code from OpenGL Exercises and that would not be considered plagiarism. Be professional, however; remove references to "OpenGL Ex. 1", "step 3", etc. Specifically, you can re-use the code of OpenGL shadow mapping and OpenGL bump mapping. If you use other sources, you can make your animation even more beautiful and realistic, but this defeats the purpose a bit, and of course using other sources and not doing it yourself is plagiarism. In particular, modifying other’s source code (including Open source code), instead of writing it yourself, is considered plagiarism. If you use large data sets obtained from 3D scanner for your quadrilateral mesh, it would be considered plagiarism. If you must use it, please seek my approval beforehand and also write an acknowledgment of the data set source in your mini project report. Apart from the above, to be safe, you can acknowledge all sources in your mini project report. Please also refer to the university document about plagiarism. Failure to run Animations that do not start automatically will get a mark deduction. Animation that only provides source code and no exe and animation that cannot run will get zero/ very low marks. Bonus part Re-program your entire OpenGL project using OpenGL shader. Create exactly the same animation. If you decide to do this part, please hand in an additional folder named “OpenGL Shader” containing sub-folder “source code” and “exe” This bonus part involves extensive re-programming and is time-consuming. A bonus of a maximum 1 grade increase will be given.

   加QQ codinghelp Email: cscholary@gmail.com
